Update README.md (#390)
Azure/azure-storage-cpp: README.md

> **We're working on the [next generation of storage cpp sdk](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage) and it will go GA soon. We encourage you to start evaluating the new sdk. This SDK will follow the deprecation guideline once the next generation SDK is GA..**

Author: ```suggestion
**We're working on the [next generation of Storage CPP SDK](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage). It is currently in public preview and we expect to make it generally available soon. We encourage you to start evaluating the new SDK . The package can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/releases)**
**This SDK will follow the deprecation guideline once the next generation SDK is GA.**
```

> **We're working on the [next generation of storage cpp sdk](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage) and it will go GA soon. We encourage you to start evaluating the new sdk. This sdk will be deprecated and we do not recommend you use this one in new projects. We will continue to fix critical bugs and address security issues.**

Author: ```suggestion
**We're working on the [next generation of storage cpp sdk](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage) and it will go GA soon. We encourage you to start evaluating the new sdk. This SDK will follow the deprecation guideline once the next generation SDK is GA..**
```

**We're working on the [next generation of Storage CPP SDK](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage). It is currently in public preview and we expect to make it generally available soon. We encourage you to start evaluating the new SDK . The package can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/releases)**

> **This SDK will follow the deprecation guideline once the next generation SDK is GA.**

Author: ```suggestion

**This SDK will follow the deprecation guideline once the next generation SDK is GA.**
```

> **The [next generation of Storage CPP SDK](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage) is generally available now. We encourage you to start evaluating the new SDK. The package can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/releases)**

Author: ```suggestion
**The [next generation of Storage CPP SDK](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage) is generally available now. We encourage you to start evaluating the new SDK. The package can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/releases).**
```

> **We're working on the [next generation of Storage CPP SDK](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage). It is currently in public preview and we expect to make it generally available soon. We encourage you to start evaluating the new SDK. The package can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/releases)**

Author: ```suggestion
**The [next generation of Storage CPP SDK](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage) is generally available now. We encourage you to start evaluating the new SDK. The package can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/releases)**
```

> **We're working on the [next generation of Storage CPP SDK](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage). It is currently in public preview and we expect to make it generally available soon. We encourage you to start evaluating the new SDK . The package can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/releases)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**We're working on the [next generation of Storage CPP SDK](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/tree/master/sdk/storage). It is currently in public preview and we expect to make it generally available soon. We encourage you to start evaluating the new SDK. The package can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/releases)**
```

We should consider linking to the getting started guide for the new SDK (for example point to the vcpkg acquisition) rather than just the list of releases.
Maybe here: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp#download--install-the-sdk

> **This SDK will follow the deprecation guideline once the next generation SDK is GA.**

Author: ```suggestion
**This SDK will continue to be supported and updated on an exceptional basis such as security issue. New features will only be added to next generation SDK.**
```
